The Hone (Host-Network) Packet-Process Correlator for Windows

Copyright (c) 2014-2015, Battelle Memorial Institute
All rights reserved.

1. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:

(1) Redistributions of source code must retain the copyright notice, this list
of conditions and the following disclaimer.

(2) Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the copyright notice, this
list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or
other materials provided with the distribution.

(3) Neither the name of Battelle Memorial Institute, Pacific Northwest
National Laboratory, U.S. Dept. of Energy nor the names of its contributors
may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without
specific prior written permission.

2. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS"
AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE
FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL
DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR
SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER
CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY,
OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE
OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

3. You are under no obligation whatsoever to provide any bug fixes, patches,
or upgrades to the features, functionality or performance of the source code
("Enhancements") to anyone; however, if you choose to make your Enhancements
available either publicly, or directly to Pacific Northwest National
Laboratory, without imposing a separate written license agreement for such
Enhancements, then you hereby grant the following license: a non-exclusive,
royalty-free perpetual license to install, use, modify, prepare derivative
works, incorporate into other computer software, distribute, and sublicense
such enhancements or derivative works thereof, in binary and source code form.


This material was prepared as an account of work sponsored by an agency of the
United States Government. Neither the United States Government nor the United
States Department of Energy, nor the Contractor, nor any or their employees,
nor any jurisdiction or organization that has cooperated in the development
of these materials, MAKES ANY WARRANTY, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, OR ASSUMES ANY
LEGAL LIABILITY OR RESPONSIBILITY FOR THE ACCURACY, COMPLETENESS, OR
USEFULNESS OR ANY INFORMATION, APPARATUS, PRODUCT, SOFTWARE, OR PROCESS
DISCLOSED, OR REPRESENTS THAT ITS USE WOULD NOT INFRINGE PRIVATELY OWNED
RIGHTS.

Reference herein to any specific commercial product, process, or service by
trade name, trademark, manufacturer, or otherwise does not necessarily
constitute or imply its endorsement, recommendation, or favoring by the United
States Government or any agency thereof, or Battelle Memorial Institute. The
views and opinions of authors expressed herein do not necessarily state or
reflect those of the United States Government or any agency thereof.

                     PACIFIC NORTHWEST NATIONAL LABORATORY
                                  operated by
                                   BATTELLE
                                    for the
                      UNITED STATES DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY
                       under Contract DE-AC05-76RL01830

==============================================================================

The Hone (Host-Network) Packet-Process Correlator for Windows includes the
following third-party software:

------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Iterative Left-leaning Red-Black Tree

http://25thandclement.com/~william/projects/llrb.h.html

Copyright (c) 2011 William Ahern<william@25thandClement.com>

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Tango Icon Library

http://tango.freedesktop.org/

Released into the Public Domain by the Tango Desktop Project
